SBS Volume 22	
This is the collection of SBS sections from Volume 22.

D: Dokusha (Reader)
O: Oda

Chapter 196, Page 26
D: When I bought some gyudon (beef bowl) for this weird guy with glasses laying out in the street, he gave me a weird wheel and a "how to hypnotize" paper. And so, since you've been having trouble starting the SBS lately, I'm going to hypnotize you so that you can do it just right this time. Okay, now, watch this wheel verrrry carefully. When I say one, two, Janko you will start the SBS no matter what. Here we go! One, two, Jankooooooooo!

"RAAAAAAAAAAH!! START THE SBS!!"

O: YOU GOT HYPNOTIZED!!

D: Oda-sensei!! I-!! Lu-lu-lu-lu-lu-lu-lu-!! LOVE One Piece! I go to the store every day!! And say, "Is it here yet?"!! ...AND!! Therefore!! Would you!! Mind!! Telling me!! The release!! Date for!! The next voluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuume?!!!!?! -by Shironeko Pirate Crew-

O: Huh?! But it's such a pain. Oh, fine. For the tankobon people, I'll tell you the rule for which months are release months so you can mark it on your calendars. One Piece volumes come out in a repeating order that goes, "2 months", "2 months", then "3 months". So if you say, "There haven't been any for 3 months!" can you tell when the next two will come out?! Good.

O-II: Oh yeah, I forgot. I noticed two mistakes of my own in Volume 21. So I'll correct them for you now. First of all, the answer to the Culprit Quiz right before Chapter 190. I forgot to include the answer. It's "Crocus-san". The other one is the title art for the SBS. I drew Crocus and Laboon for Volume 18, but then I drew them again. I was just under a spell of Crocus Fever in Volume 21. What's that? Am I reflecting on my mistakes? Sure sure, I am, don't worry. (*picking his nose*). Okay, let's continue the SBS.

Chapter 198, Page 66
D: Oda-sensei, I've been wondering about something. What country are Luffy and the others from? In Social Studies class, we learned that a Japanese pirate is called a "wakou". Is that like a direct interpretation into Japanese? Or is this manga completely unique in that respect? Please tell me. -PN Kuroman-

SBS22 1 Japanese Pirate
Japanese Pirate (as I picture him)

O: Hmmm. First of all, Luffy's crew is all "No-Nationality Men". You can't say what country they come from. Now about, "wakou". Yes. A long time ago, there were men in Japan called "wakou" who were basically "pirates". This "Wakou" would get into their boats and raid the Korean peninsula and Chinese mainland. Sometimes in your textbooks, it talks about "expeditionary forces" to Korea, but those were really pirates. They were there to loot and plunder and all that. Yeah, they were bad guys. There's also another famous group of people around the Seto Inland Sea called "Murakami Suigun (Navy)" who were basically pirates. They have been a big influence on Japan throughout history, though they don't get widespread recognition. A long time ago, I was researching the differences between "wakou" and "suigun", but there were "suigun" who were called "wakou", so I got the impression that there's no need to even draw a distinction. In short, Japan has had a lot of "pirates".

D: WHAT'S THE SPEED LIMIT ON THE OKAMA WAY? -By Mr. Two Bon Curry-

O: If you go over 300 Mascaras per hour, you can expect to be Mascarrested. (I'm good, aren't I?).

Chapter 199, Page 86
D: THERE WAS A MYSTERIOUS VILLAGE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE TUNNEL.

O: Okay, next question.

D: Wait, wait, wait. Bon Kurei! Yes, you. Listen, I don't like your travesty of the dance! You can't even do the most basic of basics, the port de bras! There are no hands shaped that way. And start off by tying your toe shoes correctly! You twist it around your ankle like this. Twist, see? And about 2 cm higher. And for your "Swan Arabesque", you're not raising your leg!! You're much too green to pull off any At-ti-tude Turns. Go back and study one more time! And shave your leg hair while you're at it! -by 10 Years of Ballet Experience-

O: Uhhh, I just called for him... Here he is.

Mr. 2: Stoooooooop joking aroooooooound!! 'roooooooound!! Shave?! My legs?! NOOOOOOO WAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY!!! If I shave my legs-!! I am nothing!!! Moi = Leg Hair, understand?! SO!! Are you shaving ME?! Would you shave MYSELF?!! And so what? 10 years of ballet...?! Well, aren't youuuuu special?! BUT!! I have had 20 years of Okama Kenpo!! Any problems?! If you do, then I'm gonna spin-?!! I'm spinning!! Spinning, spinning!! I am spinninnnnnng!!

O: ...There you have it. An idiot on stage.

